agent-capabilities-demo/README.md, before:

# Agent Capabilities Demo

[**Demo video ▶️**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kb-0mjzpZ0)

This is an app to demonstrate the base capabilities of MuleSoft AI Chain, without having to install anything.

This app will allow you to use the following funcionality:
- Chat completions
- Prompt decoration
- RAG
- Switching LLM models
- Toxicity detection
- Dynamic tooling
- Token Governance
- Token usage
- Building knowledge


## Connectors

This app uses the following connectors:
- MuleSoft AI Connector v1.2.0
- MuleSoft WebCrawler Connector v0.35.0
- MuleSoft Whisperer Connector 0.2.0
- JTokkit Connector v0.8.0


## Configuration

In the directory `/src/main/resources/` make sure you update the following configurations:

Update the store location in following files, depending on your deployment target:
- `dev-properties.properties`
- `prd-properties.properties`

Update the API Keys in the following files:
- `dev-properties.properties`
- `prd-properties.properties`
- `config.json`

## Advanced UI Setup

To run the advanced UI locally:

1. Rename the .env.example file to .env.
2. Start the Mule app locally using Anypoint Studio (it should run on port 8081).
3. In the `advanced-ui` directory, run the command:
    ```
    pnpm run dev
    ```
4. Open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000.

This will connect the UI to your locally running Mule app

Commit message:

New version of the Advanced Agent demo
New version of the Advanced Agent demo featuring the latest AI connectors.

agent-capabilities-demo/README.md, after:

# Agent Capabilities Demo

[**Demo video ▶️**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kb-0mjzpZ0). Note that this video is for a previous version. Most functionality stayed the same though. Adding and using tools has been replaced by "MCP Tools". The functionality you can demo with the tools is similar.

This is an app to demonstrate the base capabilities of MuleSoft AI Chain, without having to install anything.

This app will allow you to use the following functionality:
- Chat completions
- Prompt decoration
- RAG
- Switching LLM models
- Toxicity detection
- MCP tooling
- Token Governance
- Token usage
- Building knowledge


## Connectors

This app uses the following AI connectors:
- MuleSoft Inference Connector v1.2.0
- MuleSoft Vectors Connector v1.0.0
- MuleSoft WebCrawler Connector v0.4.0
- MuleSoft Whisperer Connector 0.2.80
- JTokkit Connector v0.0.8-snapshot


## Configuration

In the directory `/src/main/resources/` make sure you update the following configurations:

Update the database settings in following files, depending on your deployment target:
- `dev-properties.properties`
- `prd-properties.properties`

Update the API Keys in the following files:
- `dev-properties.properties`
- `prd-properties.properties`

## UI Setup

The UI is now bundled with the Mule application. It can be reached at:
<your-url>/web/index.html

## UI Maintenance

The directory `mac-knowledge-store-static` contains the React 18.3.1 UI project. It also contains some shell scripts that "publish" the static web-site to the Mule application. Note that you will need to change the paths in these scripts to align with your setup.
